hey guys what's up it's Sam and this is
my first video in a pretty long time I
took a little bit of a sabbatical that
means a little break in case you don't
know that words means but you're smart
you'll know what that word means and I
think I'm just gonna start out with a
simple minecraft video kind of a
tutorial and it's gonna be about a
redstone thing I know the redstone
updates about to come out for Minecraft
I don't know how far away it is actually
I know there's some Priya Lisa's coming
out but um yeah this is just gonna be a
little tutorial or showing of how to
make like a rapid fire dispenser and I
have two versions of it right here that
one as you can see is really fast that
one's slower but uh it works let's put
it like that and then put this one right
here I don't know no right there
right there and first off let me get
some snowballs put some snowballs in
there some snowballs in there um with
this one it's not very fast but it's
enough it's it's repetitive it'll keep
going so that's that's that one no one's
not not fast this one on the other hand
you can't just connect it like that
otherwise it just shoots one or two at a
time you actually have to hook a
repeater up to it so it'll keep the tick
and then there it goes it's really fast
as you can see where the arrows right
there yep and you can go like that and
it just keeps firing them and when the
1.5 update comes out you'll be able yeah
be able to aim dispensers and so you'll
be able to shoot many of these at a time
but yeah that's a that's how you make a
rapid fire dispenser
choo-choo choo-choo